ramp bill pay now Imports bills directly
from your accounting system so you can
keep creating bills exactly as you do
today while unlocking more ways to pay
with greater efficiency here we are
looking at open bills in our accounting
system these are bills that have already
been created and
approved by enabling Bill importing
these bills sync automatically into ramp
no manual uploads or extra steps
needed imported bills land in the for
payment tab ready to be scheduled and as
new bills are created we automatically
bring them in too so nothing gets missed
imported bills include all key details
like vendor amount and invoice number
you can also easily navigate to your
accounting system to reference the
original
bill with ramp you have multiple ways to
pay ACH check wire or card ramp even
Flags opportunities to pay by card
helping you maximize cash back whenever
possible now let's prepare our
payment here we can bulk select and see
that ramp has batched payments going to
the same
vendor we're also able to schedule when
we want our payments to go out let's
schedule these payments for
today and just like that all of our
imported bills are set for payment once
bills are paid in ramp they're
automatically updated in your accounting
system keeping everything in sync
without extra work so whether you're
looking for a complete accounts payable
solution or just a better way to pay
your bills ramp gives you the
flexibility to manage payments more
efficiently